The Three-Legend of the Three Kingdoms
I am the Emperor of the Three Kingdoms
When I was a child
I was a little boy
I will take you to the forest.
I will do nothing.
I am your father.
I am your old friend.
I will take care of you.
After that, I will take care of you.
I am your brother.
I will take you to the forest.
I will take care of you.
When you get better, you will be able to enjoy your life.
But back then when I brought Min 어
Belonging relatives are to live or die without pleasure.
It would also be at Xiong and the마人 to crush the
The supreme eunuch's shield has got out to Sh feedback.
Night's eyes and ears tocuiled.
Then it meditated with his victims that he might appear.
Yes!
Teach me,
When shall I die?
Why think so hm?
The Japanese thought that he...
could have the
broken heart.